c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\WpfTest.exe.config
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\WpfTest.exe
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\WpfTest.pdb
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.g.resources
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.exe
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.pdb
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\AddProductWindow.baml
c:\users\qcher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\AddProductWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\WpfTest_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\Test.mdf
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\bin\Debug\Test_log.ldf
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\IndexWindow.baml
C:\Users\QCher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfTest\WpfTest\obj\Debug\IndexWindow.g.cs
